Add ROSIN Acknowledgment (#2398)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/epuck.md

![e-puck2_pi-puck.wbt.png](images/robots/epuck/e-puck2_pi-puck.wbt.thumbnail.jpg) This is again the same simulation with the "e-puck2" model, but the robot is equipped with the `Pi-Puck` extension which gives it more sensors, [LEDs](../reference/led.md) and computation power.

> >**Note**: The model of the pi-puck extensionwas sponsored by the [ROSin european project](https://www.rosin-project.eu/ftp/ros2-for-the-e-puck2-robot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note**: The model of the pi-puck extension was sponsored by the [ROSin european project](https://www.rosin-project.eu/ftp/ros2-for-the-e-puck2-robot).
```
